this tutorial is to explain how
get a good exposure in our
Photographs I will explain
with this canon camera would begin
explaining the parts of the camera as
you will appreciate here this is the screen
these are the control buttons
this is the button made this is the dial
of shutter this button here is the
trigger
this is the shutter diaphragm
is here the purpose of the entity the flash
in the shoe the visor and inside brings
a memory that is what keeps all
the photographs here in is an image
so they can appreciate more carefully
the parts of the camera better
Selected
alright now I'm going to explain some
concepts that are important at the time
to take a picture first of all
which is the diaphragm the diaphragm is what
that allows the entrance of light
but it helps control it
the following of smooth that is the made
helps us to manage or control what
is the sensitivity of the image by
example we can apply in the image in
movement in the frozen a sweep
etcetera the following is the shutter
which is controlled by the shutter dial
and this helps us measure the speed or
the time by which light enters the
image
more or less and if we can achieve a
exposure how you get is
adjusting the diaphragm depending on the
amount of light you want to take
adjusting the time and focusing the
object correctly if we observe
that is the screen if we observe the
screen here you measure the speed and
here he did and if the hairline of who
is in the middle means that our photo
was balanced correctly and will have
a good exposure
well this is all for this tutorial
thank you for your attention and even the
next